docs(cli): add docs for custom plugins (#312)
code-pushup/cli: packages/cli/docs/custom-plugins.md

> # Integrating a plugin in the CLI (based on real examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Integrating a plugin in the CLI
```

While I appreciate you read my suggestions, I only included the parentheses as an internal note. I don't think they belong to the public version (similar in the other file...which has since disappeared o.o).

> # Integrating a plugin in the CLI (based on real examples)

Reviewer: Question - is the removal of the other file intentional?
https://github.com/code-pushup/cli/pull/312/commits/39b68eefd408e9fd7bd1a16fe4f224d891b9bd4e

```typescript
// code-pushup.config.ts
import { create } from 'my-plugin';

export default {
  plugins: [
    // can return `PluginConfig` or `Promise<PluginConfig>`
    await create({
      // plugin options here
    }),
  ],
  categories: [],
};
```

## Plugin Structure

Every plugin is defined over a [`PluginConfig`](@TODO).

The plugin config maintains:

- metadata about the plugin
- metadata about the available audits [`Audit`](@TODO)
- internal logic producing the plugin output as [`AuditOutputs`](@TODO).

A minimal plugin object maintaining the required fields looks like the following:

**template for a custom plugin**

```typescript
// my-plugin.ts
import { AuditOutputs, PluginConfig } from '@code-pushup/models';

export const pluginMeta = {
  slug: 'my-plugin',
  title: 'My plugin',
  // icon name from [vscode-material-icon-theme](https://github.com/PKief/vscode-material-icon-theme/tree/main/icons)
  icon: 'javascript',
};

const auditMeta = {
  slug: 'my-audit',
  title: 'My audit',
};

export const audits = [auditMeta];

export type Options = {
  // your options here
};

export async function create(options: Options): PluginConfig {
  return {
    ...pluginMeta,

>     audits: [audit],

Reviewer: On line 60, you define an `audits` variable. Shouldn't the value be directly added here? I don't see the variable being used anywhere.
```suggestion
    audits: [auditMeta],
```

  return [auditOutput];
}
```

Execute the CLI with `npx code-pushup collect` and you should the following output:

**stdout of CLI for the above code**

```sh
Code PushUp Report - @code-pushup/core@x.y.z

My plugin audits
● My audit                                                            0

Categories
┌──────────┬───────┬────────┐
│ Category │ Score │ Audits │
└──────────┴───────┴────────┘

Made with ❤ by code-pushup.dev
```

The categories are empty for now. But under the audit listing you can see your plugin title `My plugin`, it's listed
audit `My audit` and the resulting value `0`.

## Debugging custom plugins

When developing custom plugins you should know a couple of CLI options helpful when debugging.

Following options are helpful in debugging:

- use `--verbose` to get more information printed in the terminal
- use `--no-progress` to get better readability of logs.  
  The progressbar would otherwise interfere with your logs and makes them harder to read.
- use `--onlyPlugin` will restrict the execution of plugins to only the listed ones
- use `--config` to point to a different config file
- use `--format=md` to see all information provided by plugin outputs

> 

Reviewer: Since we have an updated CLI README now, I would add a link to the full list of options here.

The lighthouse CLI can be executed like this: `npx lighthouse https://example.com`  
You should see console output of the audits created by the CLI.

To get better debugging experience we add a couple of more options:

- The format and location of the output can be configured with `--output=json --outputFile=lighthouse-report.json`.  
  This enables us to load the generated Lighthouse report while ensuring we avoid overwrites of other existing files.
- To reduce the output you can execute only specific audits with the `--onlyAudits` option
  e.g.: `--onlyAudits=largest-contentful-paint`.  
  This will significantly reduce the time lighthouse takes to run.
- If we want to run the script in the background we can execute Lighthouse in headless mode with the
  flag `--chrome-flags="--headless=new"`.  
  It also is helpful when executing Lighthouse in the CI.

The basic implementation of a `RunnerConfig` for the above command looks like this:

```typescript
// code-pushup.config.ts
// ...
import { join } from 'path';
import { AuditOutputs } from '@code-pushup/models';

function runnerConfig(options: Options): RunnerConfig {
  const { url } = options;

>   // hard coded to run only the LCP audit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // hardcoded to run only the LCP audit
```

Let's first extend the options object with a `budget` property and use it in the runner config:

**file-size plugin form section [RunnerFunction](#RunnerFunction)**

```typescript
// code-pushup.config.ts
type Options = {
  // ...
  budget: number; // in bytes
};

export default {
  // ...
  plugins: [
    await createPlugin({
      directory: './src',
      budget: 1000,
    }),
  ],
  // ...
};
```

Now let's extend the runner function to calculate the score based on the budget:

**file-size plugin runnerFunction**

```typescript
// code-pushup.config.ts

// ...

async function runnerFunction(options: Options): Promise<AuditOutputs> {
  // ...

  // score audit based on budget
  const errorCount = data.map(({ size }) => options.budget < size).filter(Boolean).length;
  if (errorCount) {
    fileSizeAuditOutput: AuditOutput = {
      ...fileSizeAuditOutput,
      // score is percentage of over-budget files
      score: errorCount ? errorCount / issues.length : 1,
      value: errorCount,
      displayValue: `${errorCount} ${errorCount === 1 ? 'file' : pluralize('file')}`,
    };
  }

  return [fileSizeAuditOutput];
}
```

> 

Reviewer: It would be nice to reuse the MD example with an actual audit (or merged with group) score value and add a note above the report stating where the value is artificial and when it is real.

# Integrating a custom plugin in the CLI

One of the main features of Code PushUp is the ability to write custom plugins and track your own metrics.
It enables you to implement nearly any kind of metric you want to track progress with minimum effort.
In this section we will go through the steps needed to create a custom plugin and integrate it in your project.

> ## Setup the core config

Reviewer 2: Common mistake, but "setup" is a noun, the verb is "set up":

```suggestion
## Set up the core config
```

E.g.:
- _We have a great **setup** on this project._
- _I **set up** a CI workflow yesterday._

To start crafting custom plugins you need a minimum `code-pushup.config.(ts|js|mjs)` file maintaining a `plugins` property.
property.
All plugins are registered in a core config object and can take potential options to configure its behaviour.
The following example shows where to register the plugin:

```typescript
// code-pushup.config.ts

> import { create as myPlugin } from 'my-plugin';

Reviewer 2: - I don't think this would work, without a relative path it'd search in `node_modules`.
- It would be nicer to point users to how we structure imports for our official plugins, I think it's neater than having to rename imports. All that is needed is to add `export default create;` in `my-plugin.ts`.

```suggestion
import myPlugin from './my-plugin';
```

export default {
  plugins: [
    // can return `PluginConfig` or `Promise<PluginConfig>`
    await myPlugin({
      // plugin options here
    }),
  ],
};
```

## Plugin Structure

Every plugin is defined over a [`PluginConfig`](@TODO).

The plugin config maintains:

> - metadata about the plugin [PluginMeta](@TODO)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- metadata about the plugin [`PluginMeta`](@TODO)
```

- metadata about the available audits [`Audit`](@TODO)

> - internal logic that produces the plugin output as [`AuditOutputs`](@TODO).

Reviewer 2: I'd introduce the word "runner" here, so that the user can start catching on to our terminology.

> - internal logic that produces the plugin output as [`AuditOutputs`](@TODO).

Reviewer 2: There's no mention of groups. Is that intentional?

export type Options = {
  // your options here
};

export async function create(options: Options): PluginConfig {
  return {
    ...pluginMeta,
    audits: auditsMeta,
    runner: runnerFunction(options),
  };
}

function runnerFunction(options: Options) {
  return (): AuditOutputs => {
    // Dummy audit output
    const myAuditOutput: AuditOutput = {
      ...myAuditMeta,
      score: 0,
      value: 0,
    };

    // return dummy data of type `AuditOutputs` as plugin result
    return [myAuditOutput];
  };
}
```

Execute the CLI with `npx code-pushup collect` and you should the following output:

<details>
<summary> <b>stdout of CLI for the above code</b> (collapsed for brevity) </summary>

```sh
Code PushUp Report - @code-pushup/core@x.y.z

My plugin audits
● My audit                                                            0

Categories
┌──────────┬───────┬────────┐
│ Category │ Score │ Audits │
└──────────┴───────┴────────┘

Made with ❤ by code-pushup.dev
```

</details>

The categories are empty for now. But under the audit listing you can see your plugin title `My plugin`, it's listed
audit `My audit` and the resulting value `0`.

## Plugin output

> Every plugin executes audits and returns the outcome as [`AuditOutputs`](@TODO), and array of [`AuditOutput`](@TODO).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every plugin executes audits and returns the outcome as [`AuditOutputs`](@TODO), which is an array of [`AuditOutput`s](@TODO).
```

The minimum output of an audit looks like this:

```typescript
import { AuditOutput } from '@code-pushup/models';

const myAuditOutput: AuditOutput = {
  ...myAuditMeta,
  score: 0,
  value: 0,
  // optional details
};
```

> - A audit output always includes the metadata of the audit. [`Audit`](@TODO)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An audit output always includes the metadata of the audit. [`Audit`](@TODO)
```

> - `score` and `value` are important to calculate a score out of a given metrics and display it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `score` and `value` are important to calculate a score from a given metric and display it.
```

  Here you can read more about [audits and scoring](@TODO - in page link).

- `details` helps with attribution of audit results. This is important to get actionable feedback like the line of code or how to fix it.  
  Here you can read more on [attribution of audits](@TODO - in page link).

> Here an example of using the above audit for the plugin output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example of using the above audit for the plugin output:
```

```typescript
import { AuditOutputs } from '@code-pushup/models';

const pluginOutput: AuditOutputs = [myAuditOutput];
```

## Plugin runner

The core of a plugin is defined under the `runner` property.
The `runner` property is the entry point of your plugin and is called by the CLI. It should return the audit results
as [`AuditOutputs`](@TODO).

A plugins runner logic can get implemented in 2 ways:

> - as a `RunnerFunction`
> - as a `RunnerConfig`

Reviewer 2: Good opportunity to add links :slightly_smiling_face: 

```suggestion
- as a [`RunnerFunction`](#runnerfunction)
- as a [`RunnerConfig`](#runnerconfig)
```

### RunnerFunction

The `RunnerFunction` is the entry point of your plugin. It is called by the CLI and should return the audit results
as `AuditOutputs`.

Let's write a real implementation to get familiar with the runner function.
We will implement a simple file size audit for JavaScript files that tracks the size of specified files in your
codebase.

1. Use the template from the section [Plugin Structure](#Plugin-Structure) as a starting point and fill in the correct information for the plugin metadata.
2. Add the `directory` property to the plugin options and use the plugin in you config file.

```typescript
// file-size.plugin.ts
import { AuditOutput, AuditOutputs } from '@code-pushup/models';

export type Options = {
  // add the directory to the plugin options
  directory: string;
};

const fileSizeAuditMeta: AuditOutput = {
  slug: 'file-size',
  title: 'File size',
  // ...
};

async function runnerFunction(options: Options): Promise<AuditOutputs> {
  return [
    {

>       ...fileSizeAuditMeta,

Reviewer 2: The runner shouldn't produce all the metadata, just the `slug` to identify the audit:

```suggestion
      slug: fileSizeAuditMeta.slug,
```

      value: 0,

>       // helper to for a nicer displayValue

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      // helper for creating a nicer displayValue
```

>       displayValue: pluralizeToken('file', 0),

Reviewer 2: Missing `import { pluralizeToken } from '@code-pushup/utils'` above.

      // We have always a score of 1 for now
      score: 1,
    } satisfies AuditOutput,
  ];
}
```

3. Get the raw data to perform the audit

We need the raw data to create the `AuditOutput` and calculate the metrics.
In our case we need to get the file name and size of all files in the provided directory.  
The above code will recursively get the file size info for all files in the specified directory and its subdirectories.

Let's create a runner function that uses the above code to get the file size data and turns it into the shape
of `AuditOutputs`:

**file-size `RunnerFunction`**

```typescript
// file-size.plugin.ts
import { AuditOutput } from '@code-pushup/models';
import { crawlFileSystem, pluralizeToken } from '@code-pushup/utils';
import { RunnerFunction } from './plugin-config-runner';

// ...

function runnerFunction(options: Options): RunnerFunction {
  return async (): Promise<AuditOutputs> => {

>     // use util to crawl the file system and transform each match into size infomation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // use util to crawl the file system and transform each match into size information
```

    const data = await crawlFileSystem(options, async filePath => {
      const stats = await stat(filePath);
      return { filePath, size: stats.size };
    });

    return [
      {

>         ...fileSizeAuditMeta,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        slug: fileSizeAuditMeta.slug,
```

        // number of crawled files
        value: data.length,
        // display helper for pluralisation
        displayValue: pluralizeToken('file', data.length),
        score: 0,
      } satisfies AuditOutput,
    ];
  };
}
```

Now we can execute the CLI with `npx code-pushup collect` and see a similar output as the following:

<details>
<summary> <b>stdout of CLI for the above code</b> (collapsed for brevity) </summary>

```sh
Code PushUp Report - @code-pushup/core@x.y.z

File size plugin audits
● File size audit                                                            2 files

Categories
┌──────────┬───────┬────────┐
│ Category │ Score │ Audits │
└──────────┴───────┴────────┘

Made with ❤ by code-pushup.dev
```

</details>

### RunnerConfig

The second way to write a plugin runner is a `RunnerConfig`.
This option is less flexible but can be used in cases when you have to use another CLI.

> why runner function can't be used...

Reviewer 2: This isn't accurate, it's actually more flexible, but at the cost of more complexity.

2. Add the `url` and `onlyAudits` property to the plugin options and use the plugin in you config file.

<details>
<summary> <b>lighthouse plugin setup</b> (collapsed for brevity) </summary>

```typescript
// lighthouse.plugin.ts
import { AuditOutput, AuditOutputs } from '@code-pushup/models';

export type Options = {
  // add the url to the plugin options
  url: string;
  onlyAudits: string;
};

const lcpAuditMeta: AuditOutput = {
  slug: 'largest-contentful-paint',
  title: 'Largest Contnentful Paint',
  // ...
};

async function create(options: Options): Promise<PluginConfig> {
  return {
    slug: 'lighthouse',
    title: 'Chrome Lighthouse plugin',
    icon: 'lighthouse',
    audits: [
      lcpAudit,
      // other lighthouse audits
    ],
    runner: runnerConfig(options),
  };
}

function runnerConfig(options: Options): RunnerConfig {
  // implementation follows in the below section
  return {} as RunnerConfig;
}
```

</details>

3. Get the raw data to create the audit

With the Lighthouse CLI it is easy as it already provides a report file in `json` format containing a set of audits.

> The lighthouse CLI can be executed like this: `npx lighthouse https://example.com`  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Lighthouse CLI can be executed like this: `npx lighthouse https://example.com`  
```

You should see console output of the audits created by the CLI.

To get the needed data we add a couple of more options:

- The format and location of the output can be configured with `--output=json --outputFile=lighthouse-report.json`.  
  This enables us to load the generated Lighthouse report while ensuring we avoid overwrites of other existing files.
- To reduce the output you can execute only specific audits with the `--onlyAudits` option
  e.g.: `--onlyAudits=largest-contentful-paint`.  

>   This will significantly reduce the time lighthouse takes to run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This will significantly reduce the time Lighthouse takes to run.
```

In the current example the Lighthouse result has a different shape than the required `AuditOutputs`,  
we can use an `outputTransform` and implement the transform from a Lighthouse report to audit outputs.

**outputTransform for lighthouse report**

```typescript
// lighthouse.plugin.ts
import { Result } from 'lighthouse';
import { AuditOutput, AuditOutputs, OutputTransform } from '@code-pushup/models';

// ...

function lhrOutputTransform(auditSlugs: string[]): OutputTransform {
  return (output: string): AuditOutputs => {
    // output is content of `lighthouse-report.json` as string so we have to parse it
    const lhr = JSON.parse(output) as Result;

    return auditSlugs
      .filter(slug => lhr.audits[slug])
      .map(id => {
        // map lighthouse audits to code-pushup audits
        const { id: slug, score, numericValue: value = 0, displayValue } = lhr.audits[id];
        return {
          slug,
          value,
          displayValue,
          score,
        } satisfies AuditOutput;
      });
  };
}
```

Test the output by running `npx code-pushup collect`.

> The CLI argument `--format=md` will create an additional file containing our created detail information form above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CLI argument `--format=md` will create an additional file containing our created detail information from above.
```

You should see a newly created file `report.md` created in the folder `.code-pushup` in your current working directory.

It should contain a similar content like the following:

<details>
<summary> <b>report.md created by the CLI</b> (collapsed for brevity) </summary>

```md
### Largest Contentful Paint (Lighthouse)

🟨 <b>3.2 s</b> (score: 71)

Largest Contentful Paint marks the time at which the largest text or image is
painted. [Learn more about the Largest Contentful Paint metric](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/performance/lighthouse-largest-contentful-paint/)
```

</details>

## Audits

Audits are used to calculate the score and display meaningful details.

### Audit score

> Every audit has a score as floating number between 0 and 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every audit has a score as a floating point number between 0 and 1.
```

We will extend the file-size example from above to calculate the score based on a budget.

Let's extend the options object with a `budget` property and use it in the runner config:

**file-size plugin form section [RunnerFunction](#RunnerFunction)**

```typescript
// file-size.plugin.ts
// ...
import { factorOf, pluralizeToken } from '@code-pushup/utils';

// file-size.plugin.ts
type Options = {
  // ...
  budget: number; // in bytes
};

// ...

async function runnerFunction(options: Options): Promise<AuditOutputs> {
  // ...

  // score audit based on budget
  const errorCount = data.filter(({ size }) => options.budget < size).length;
  fileSizeAuditOutput: AuditOutput = {
    ...fileSizeAuditOutput,
    // score is factor of over-budget files to all files
    score: factorOf(issues, errorCount),
    value: errorCount,
    displayValue: pluralizeToken('file', errorCount),
  };

  return [fileSizeAuditOutput];
}
```

### Audit groups

> As an optional property a plugin can maintain `groups` as [AuditGroup](@TODO).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an optional property a plugin can maintain `groups` as an array of [`AuditGroup`s](@TODO).
```

> Where [categories](@TODO) can score audits across plugins groups are only targeting plugins within a plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While [categories](@TODO) can score audits across plugins, groups are only targeting plugins within a plugin.
```

> For simple plugins this is not needed, but can benefit as audit groups also simplify the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For simple plugins this is not needed but it is beneficial in bigger plugins as audit groups also simplify the configuration.
```

> A audit group maintains:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An audit group maintains:
```

We will extend the `fileSizeAuditOutput` with `details` show which files exceed the defined budget.

**file-size plugin runnerFunction**

```typescript
// file-size.plugin.ts
// ...
import { basename } from 'path';
import { formatBytes, toUnixPath } from '@code-pushup/utils';
import { AuditOutput } from './plugin-process-output';

async function runnerFunction(options: Options): Promise<AuditOutputs> {
  // ...

  // assert file size information with budget
  const issues = data.map(({ file, size }) => assertFileSizeInfo(file, size, options.budget));

  // add details if issues given
  if (issues.length) {
    fileSizeAuditOutput = {
      ...fileSizeAuditOutput,
      details: {
        issues,
      },
    };
  }

  return [fileSizeAuditOutput];
}

// assert file size info with budget
export function assertFileSize(file: string, size: number, budget?: number): Issue {
  const auditOutputBase = {
    source: {
      // format path to be in scope of the repository
      file: toUnixPath(file, { toRelative: true }),
    },
  } satisfies AuditOutput['source'];

  if (budget && budget < size) {
    return {
      ...auditOutputBase,
      severity: 'error',

>       message: `File ${basename(filePath)} is ${formatBytes(size - budget)} bytes too big. ( budget: ${formatBytes(budget)})`,

Reviewer 2: Since `formatBytes` already returns a suitable suffix, this would produce `26.7 kB bytes too big` instead of `26.7 kB too big`.

```suggestion
      message: `File ${basename(filePath)} is ${formatBytes(size - budget)} too big. ( budget: ${formatBytes(budget)})`,
```

    };
  }

  return {
    ...auditOutputBase,
    severity: 'info',
    message: `File ${basename(filePath)} OK`,
  };
}
```

Test the output by running `npx code-pushup collect --format=md`.
The CLI argument `--format=md` will create an additional file containing our created detail information form above.
You should see a new file `report.md` created in the folder `.code-pushup` in your current working directory.
The `report.md` file should contain a similar content like the following:

<details>
<summary> <b>report.md created by the CLI</b> (collapsed for brevity) </summary>

```md
<!-- ... -->

### File Size Audit (File Size)

<details>
  <summary>🟨 <b>2 files</b> (score: 50)</summary>
  <h4>Issues</h4>
  <table>
    <tr>
      <th>Severity</th>
      <th>Message</th>
      <th>Source file</th>
      <th>Line(s)</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>🚨 <i>error</i></td>
      <td>File file-a.js is 17.31 kB bytes too big. ( budget: 41.02 kB)</td>

>       <td><code>/src/file-a.js</code></td>
>       <td></td>
>     </tr>
>     <tr>
>       <td>ℹ️ <i>info</i></td>
>       <td>File file-b.js OK</td>
>       <td><code>/src/file-b.js</code></td>

Reviewer 2: There won't be starting forward with `toUnixPath(..., { toRelative: true })`.

```suggestion
      <td><code>src/file-a.js</code></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>ℹ️ <i>info</i></td>
      <td>File file-b.js OK</td>
      <td><code>src/file-b.js</code></td>
```

      <td></td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</details>
```

</details>

## Plugins and categories

> In this chapter we will see how a plugins result contribute to the category scoring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this chapter we will see how plugin results contribute to the category scoring.
```

or

```suggestion
In this chapter we will see how a plugin's result contributes to the category scoring.
```

**basic categories setup**

```typescript
// code-pushup.config.ts
import { CoreConfig } from '@code-pushup/core';

export default {
  // ...
  categories: [
    {
      slug: 'performance',
      title: 'Performance',
      description: "These encapsulate your app's current performance and opportunities to improve it.",
      refs: [
        {
          type: 'audit',
          slug: 'largest-contentful-paint',
          plugin: 'lightouse',
          weight: 1,
        },
        {
          type: 'group',
          slug: 'performance',
          plugin: 'file-size',
          weight: 1,
        },

>       ],

Reviewer 2: Good example of combining different plugins in a category :+1:

    },
  ],
} satisfies CoreConfig;
```

Test the output by running `npx code-pushup collect`.

<details>
<summary> <b>stdout of basic lighthouse plugin</b> (collapsed for brevity) </summary>

```sh
Code PushUp Report - @code-pushup/core@x.y.z

Chrome Lighthouse audits
● Largest Contentful Paint                                                1,3 s

Categories
┌─────────────┬───────┬────────┐
│ Category    │ Score │ Audits │
├─────────────┼───────┼────────┤
│ Performance │    42 │      1 │
└─────────────┴───────┴────────┘

Made with ❤ by code-pushup.dev
```

</details>

## Debugging custom plugins

> When developing custom plugins you should know a couple of CLI options helpful when debugging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When developing custom plugins you should know a couple of CLI options that are helpful when debugging.
```

Following options are helpful in debugging:

- use [`--verbose`](@TODO) to get more information printed in the terminal
- use [`--no-progress`](@TODO) to get better readability of logs.  
  The progressbar would otherwise interfere with your logs and makes them harder to read.

> - use [`--onlyPlugin`](@TODO) will restrict the execution of plugins to only the listed ones

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- use [`--onlyPlugin`](@TODO) to restrict the execution of plugins to only the listed ones
```

}
```

Test the output by running `npx code-pushup collect --format=md`.
The CLI argument `--format=md` will create an additional file containing our created detail information from above.
You should see a new file `report.md` created in the folder `.code-pushup` in your current working directory.
The `report.md` file should contain a similar content like the following:

<details>
<summary> <b>report.md created by the CLI</b> (collapsed for brevity) </summary>

```md
<!-- ... -->

### File Size Audit (File Size)

<details>
  <summary>🟨 <b>2 files</b> (score: 50)</summary>
  <h4>Issues</h4>
  <table>
    <tr>
      <th>Severity</th>
      <th>Message</th>
      <th>Source file</th>
      <th>Line(s)</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>🚨 <i>error</i></td>
      <td>File file-a.js is 17.31 kB bytes too big. (budget: 41.02 kB)</td>
      <td><code>src/file-a.js</code></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>ℹ️ <i>info</i></td>
      <td>File file-b.js OK</td>
      <td><code>src/file-b.js</code></td>
      <td></td>
    </tr>
  </table>
</details>
```

</details>

## Plugins and categories

In this chapter we will see how plugin results contribute to the category scoring.

> **basic categories setup**

Reviewer: I would add some minimal information about weights (perhaps the group could have a higher weight?).

The second paragraph is taken from L43 in the file size plugin documentation - I think it fits better in this overview README rather than a specific example plugin documentation. What do you think?

```suggestion
**basic categories setup**
In this example we create a Performance category which contains one audit and one group.

Assign weights based on what influence each audit and group should have on the overall category score (assign weight 0 to only include it for extra info, without influencing the category score).
```

# Integrating a custom plugin in the CLI

One of the main features of Code PushUp is the ability to write custom plugins and track your own metrics.
It enables you to implement nearly any kind of metric you want to track progress with minimum effort.
In this section we will go through the steps needed to create a custom plugin and integrate it in your project.

## Set up the core config

To start crafting custom plugins you need a minimum `code-pushup.config.(ts|js|mjs)` file maintaining a `plugins` property.

> property.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
